[OTTO-2667] Add CLI error message (#7289)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/guides/autopilot/05-troubleshoot.md

Contact support for assistance if running a framework that is not Drupal, Drupal 8, or WordPress. Any other framework, including WordPress Multisite Network is not supported.

</Accordion>

## CLI Tool Failed

<Accordion title="We ran into an issue with Autopilot because Drush or WP-CLI did not work as expected." id="failed-cli-tool" icon="info-sign">

### Diagnosis

There is an issue with Autopilot because Drush or WP-CLI did not work as expected in the Dev or Autopilot environment. 

> Run `terminus remote:drush $SITE.dev -- pml` or `terminus remote:wp $SITE.dev -- plugin` to list and check for unexpected output or errors. Alternatively you can use the command `$SITE.autopilot` for the Autopilot environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `terminus remote:drush $SITE.dev -- pml` or `terminus remote:wp $SITE.dev -- plugin list` and check for unexpected output or errors. Alternatively you can use the command `$SITE.autopilot` for the Autopilot environment
```

  
### Solution
  

> After diagnosing the problem, resolve the issue that is causing the fatal error on the Dev environment, then retry Autopilot. For additional help contact Support[/support] for assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After diagnosing the problem, resolve the issue that is causing the error on the Dev or Autopilot environment, then retry Autopilot. For additional help contact Support[/support] for assistance.
```

  
</Accordion>

## Quicksilver is Unavailable

<Accordion title="We could not execute some Quicksilver scripts on this site." id="no-quicksilver" icon="info-sign">

### Issue

> Quicksilver scripts could not be execute on the site. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quicksilver scripts failed to execute on the site. 
```

  
### Solution
  
Contact Support[/support] for assistance.
  
</Accordion>

## Database Could Not Be Updated

<Accordion title="We ran into an issue with Autopilot because the database could not be updated." id="no-database-updates" icon="info-sign">

### Issue

An issue with Autopilot occurred because the WordPress Dev, Test, or Live database could not be updated. 
  
### Solution
  

> Try updating the database locally, and then retry Autopilot. Contact Support[/link] for assistance if the issue persists.

Reviewer: Yes, perhaps, "on the target environment"?

This kind of failure is fairly rare IMO, but it's certainly possible, hence the event.

> Try updating the database locally, and then retry Autopilot. Contact Support[/link] for assistance if the issue persists.

Reviewer: The customer can use `wp core update-db` from the CLI, or will be prompted to run the update on the admin dashboard of the site.
